1. What problem is the organization trying to solve?
Trying to reduce unnecessary investments in Mathematics 
software that does not align with the schools needs.

2. What issues are they facing trying to solve this problem?
Generalizing the system to districts in other regions where 
budgets and cultural factors may be different
Making sure all districts are equally represented so one 
group does not have too strong of an influence
Validation of the system’s effectiveness: They can’t only 
measure success based on how accurate the recommendations are. 
They have to look at outcomes like student performance, 
long-term cost savings, and teacher satisfaction.
Small data set with inconsistencies/noise and lack of funding

3. What is the target variable and what type (reg or class) 
of solution are they developing?
What software they should invest in and how it suits 
each district
They are developing a classification solution.

4. How would they know the solution was working 
(business metric)?
Improved student math scores
Reduced cost of software long-term
Teacher satisfaction

5. How difficult is the data to gather?
The data will be difficult to gather with a survey since
it will be time consuming, potentially biased, and also 
incomplete since data scientists will have to create their 
own metrics to predict how ready school systems are to adopt 
new technologies and how much help they would need.

6. Is the target difficult to predict?
Yes because the model is made with scores from a Likert 
scale which don’t represent the individual contexts of each 
district. It's difficult to generalize outcomes to all schools 
in a district as learning can be context dependent. 
Additionally, numbers on a scale may not be able to predict 
the long term success of the recommendation as learning 
changes over time.

7. What are some of the risks associated with building this 
solution?
Risks associated with building this is biased or noisy survey 
data which could lead to bad recommendations, limited ability 
to generalize districts in other areas or reliance on metrics 
instead of educational impact. Also, the model may suggest a 
software that the district cannot support financially or 
administratively.

